I still remember our grove in the Blackwood: the soft light tinted by the verdant canopy, the rich scent of earth and bark, and the symphony of insects, birds, and other creatures of the forest.
Keeper Keladris would interrupt nature's song with his wisdom, instructing our youth on the ways of our druidic traditions, on the ways of the world, and on how best to live our lives and best serve Ara.
Getting along with Keladris gets easier with age, and I'm sure we'd be close friends now.

I still remember hating our grove in the Blackwood.
It felt so suffocating and remote, and we were seldom allowed to leave.
I would find my way out, though, in one form or another, and I have fond memories of riding alongside Toran knights while under the guise of a stag, and fonder memories of innocently terrorizing nearby villages as a goose.

I wish I could still hate the grove.
It was destroyed when the seals on the nearby Darkways suddenly burst, and hundreds of nightmare creatures poured forth and ravaged the grove.
The loss I felt that night is indescribable: I lost countless friends, a deep love, and my home, hated though it may be.
But I did not lose my path, my path merely changed.

Keladris helped me escape, and offered sage words before charging back to defend the only home he ever wanted to know.
I left, crushed, and I waited patiently on the outskirts of the woods.
I was hoping for some drama to mark the end of my life, perhaps a fire or a terrific storm, but my expectations were not met.
Instead, from the outskirts of the Blackwood, I watched as night quietly turned into day, and nature continued to take its course with no poetic drama.

You may wonder how this could happen, as I did.
The answer is simple: our grove worshiped powerful ancients, spirits which existed since the first stirrings of life on Ara, and these ancients were responsible for sealing the Darkways and maintaining the warding gates.
Disagreements between the Keepers and the ancients had strained relations for some years, until one day, one ancient snapped and neglected their responsibilities as they felt we were neglecting ours.
Where we failed in our duty to supply Yra with luxury, she failed in her duty to hold hundreds of murderous demons at bay.

I'm sure Yra survived the destruction of the grove, I'm sure she has already found more thralls to fail to sate her appetite, and I'm sure she has forgotten about us, and about me.
But I have not forgotten you, Yra.
Geese can be hateful creatures.
